- [Instructor] There's some initial setup on your machine
that is needed in order to be successful in this course.
First and foremost, let's talk about the language support
that we're going to use throughout this course.
All of these are OS-dependent installations.
And in order to install them on your machine,
whether it's Linux or Windows,
you're going to want to consult the documentation
of that language for your operating system.
We're going to use Java, the JDK.
I'm specifically going to use 14,
any of them after 11 should work for this course.
And you're also going to need Maven
to handle some dependency management,
because that's how I'm going to set up the project.
We're also going to use Golang.
I'm going to be using 1.14,
but you can use any modern version of Go
that is compatible with AWS Lambda.
And finally, we're going to use Python.
I'm going to use the 3.8 Interpreter.
Use any of the dot versions of Python 3
that you wish to use with AWS Lambda.
Again, ensure that there is support within AWS,
but they're all going to be specific to your operating system,
so pay attention to that.
Now, an IDE is something that many developers use
on any given day.
And while I'm going to use very specific IDEs,
the IDE itself is not important,
and I don't want you to get mired
in the IDE selection itself.
You really should use an IDE that is comfortable for you.
And that really brings us to the point of knowing your IDE.
Whether it's within this course
or anything within development,
understanding your IDE is critical
to making you most performant
in your day-to-day activities.
So, if you choose to use any IDE
other than the one I'm using,
that's perfectly fine,
and that's what you should do,
especially if it's an IDE that you know.
Now, I'm going to recommend that you use
language-specific IDEs or plugins,
so when we're doing Java work,
choose an IDE that is specifically for Java
or has a plugin for that,
the same way with Go or Python.
Now, I'm going to reiterate this,
because oftentimes, this gets confusing to people.
I'm going to be using JetBrain's products.
What is important is that you are familiar with your IDE,
not that you're using the same one that I'm using.
Familiarity with the IDE is the most important aspect
of choosing an IDE,
for not only success in this course,
but your day-to-day activities.
Now, we will be using the command line,
and you need to understand the command line
for your operating system.
Now, understanding command line is very important
to being successful as a developer, in my opinion.
I use Mac OS 10, and as such I often use the Z shell
within Mac OS 10 to do operations.
Now, you may not have Z shell,
you may be using Bash in Linux.
That's perfectly fine,
as long as you know your command line.
And the same will transpire for Windows.
It's command line has options to either use Bash
if you're on Windows 10 Pro,
or other command line technology
that will allow you to accomplish the same things.
Now, if you're in a Windows environment,
you may have to look some stuff up on the Amazon website.
But what is important is that you know your command line
for your operating system.
Now, again, if you are on Windows,
you may need a little bit more in-depth knowledge
when targeting Linux backends,
and oftentimes, when you package your Lambda for AWS,
this becomes critical.
The good thing is AWS has provided
a lot of the documentation,
and much of it can be found very easily
with how to use Windows
and install to a Linux backend through AWS.
And you're going to need to know your toolkits,
specifically the AWS CLI,
that is a Python program
that runs on your operating system.
Now, AWS itself.
We're going to be using Amazon Web Services
and Lambda functionality in order to use this course.
First and foremost, you're going to need an account.
The good thing is, you can get an account for free,
and all of the examples that we're going to do
within this course should be able to leverage
a free account.
Now, you will need to know the basics of AWS.
You don't need a lot of in-depth knowledge,
but you need to know how to get around in the console
and understand some of the various parts
that we're going to target.
More importantly than knowing AWS,
is be able to read their documentation.
AWS has compiled an amazing set of documentation,
and I'm going to encourage you to leverage often,
if you get a little bit confused
about the direction that we're going
with AWS Lambda.